my baby did the middle splits to get off
of the bed this morning and it got me
thinking when did we stop moving like
that I literally waited till adulthood
to start attempting baby-like movement
again I don't know somewhere along the
line somebody told you to sit still pay
attention and only move during scheduled
times if you are able-bodied this should
kind of make you frustrated I think
we're all designed to start laying down
lift our head we would start to crawl
and then we walk and then run and then
jump to climb and explore what our
bodies are capable of I think Socrates
said it best it is a shame for a man to
grow old without seeing the strength and
beauty of which his body is capable you
don't have to work on your splits but
your body is a temple and you should
work on it cuz it's the only one you get
stay flexy